[CUBRIDMAN-207] Add manual for SQL syntax to add users as members of the group (#499)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/authorization.rst

The following example creates a user and adds members to the created user. This example does the same thing as the example in CREATE USER .. MEMBERS ..

.. code-block:: sql

    CREATE USER company;
    CREATE USER engineering;
    CREATE USER marketing;
    CREATE USER design;
    CREATE USER smith;
    CREATE USER jones;
    CREATE USER brown;

    ALTER USER engineering ADD MEMBERS brown;
    ALTER USER marketing ADD MEMBERS smith, jones;
    ALTER USER design ADD MEMBERS smith;
    ALTER USER company ADD MEMBERS engineering, marketing, design;

The following example deletes the members of a created user group. The *marketing* member is deleted from the *company* group through the following sentence and the *marketing* group deletes *smith* and *jones* from the member.

.. code-block:: sql

    ALTER USER company DROP MEMBERS marketing;
    ALTER USER marketing DROP MEMBERS smith, jones;

User's COMMENT Change
---------------------

The following example changes the comment for the created user.

.. code-block:: sql

    CREATE USER test_user1 COMMENT 'new user';
    ALTER USER test_user1 COMMENT 'old user';

.. _drop-user:

DROP USER
=========

> You can delete a user using the DROP USER statement. Users who own objects in table, view, trigger, stored function/procedure, serial, synonym, and server cannot delete them. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete a user using the DROP USER statement. Users who own objects in table, view, trigger, stored function/procedure, serial, synonym, and server cannot be dropped. ::
```

Author: We've fixed it, please confirm
